take off the bag set that off the side
you want to take out the battery is that
off just along with the
ya know so let me start with this in
front next thing to do is to pry off the
front faceplate you're going to need to
use a flathead screwdriver for this to
be very careful just stick it in one
side then sort of slide it
this one looks like this is the four
buttons on their outside now you have
this you want to this shouldn't take so
much force where you're going to pull
off the scroll wheel and the middle
button you want to hang on to these now
really hard to see but like if you just
spin your finger on this there's a
little swirly part you want to take it
to full technical eat inside of this
silver thing it says a LPS fight it may
flathead screwdriver again just pull
that off
ok
you take it off is for me a little bent
out of shape but it's easy to put back
on then take out the little black ring
on the back it will have little they'll
have three things sticking going up and
out like little ramp don't lose that and
then right about there and about there
is going to be a little metal like wire
thing looks like
pretty much looks like this very small
now you want to just like take it out
very carefully if you want to hold on to
it you probably want to use like it
something that hold on to it it's really
small like no kidding it's more than
like a staple but I sort of took my now
and pop down along across the room can't
find it so then you're going to put it
back together get the little black ring
put that on first then the Alps
make sure you get the black ring with
the three things sticking out of it
makes you get that lined up along with
the Alps metal coil ring thingy if you
want to you can just like spin it around
feels half smooth now you'll see on the
bottom of your little button there's two
prongs on it on each side that matches
up with a few little gaps in there but
first you want to put the ring on line
that up
make sure it's nice and secure might pop
out while you're spinning around playing
with it but um yeah then you want to put
the plastic shell the little screen
protector on
you
make sure you put the battery back in
first time I did this put the battery in
backwards was kind of upset but didn't
realize it
make sure you have the English version
version of math egg English text face up
and you want to put the back on
screw back together then you're done
you